I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Flying a kite!
It is a bright, sunny day.
Peppa and her family are in the park.
They are going to fly a kite!
George is going to fly the kite first.
George runs as fast as he can.
But the kite Won't fly.
George! You're doing it
all Wrong!
You didn't run fast enough.
Now, it's my turn!
Peppa runs as fast as she can.
But the kite still Won't fly.
The kite Won't fly
if there isn't any Wind,
no matter how fast you run.
Oh!
We'll just have to Wait,
until the Wind picks up a bit.
Oh!
Look, it's getting Windy!
Now that it is Windy,
the kite can fly!
The Wind is quite strong now.
The Wind is very strong now!
George!
Wahhh!
Peppa!
Thank you, Daddy
Daddy Pig flies the kite.
Hurray!
Higher, higher!
Daddy pig flies
the kite very Well.
Wow!
Yes, I am a bit of
an expert at these things
Watch out for the trees!
You might get the kite stuck in one.
Don't Worry;
I know What I'm doing.
Oh, dear. Daddy Pig has got
the kite caught in a tree.
Oh, no!
Hmmm!
Don't Worry, George.
Daddy Will get the kite down.
Hurray!
Err... yes.
Careful! There's a
big muddy puddle!
Peppa and George love
to jump in muddy puddles.
Can We jump in the puddle?
Please!
No. I don't Want you
covered in mud.
Ohhhhhhhhh...
Stand back, children.
Please be careful, Daddy Pig!
I know What I'm doing.
Please be careful!
Just a bit further, Daddy!
Daddy Pig, you are much too
heavy for that branch!
Nonsense! I know
exactly how heavy I am. There!
Hurray!
Daddy Pig has rescued the kite!
Whoa!
Oh, dear. Everyone is
covered in mud.
It's only mud.
Luckily, Daddy Pig hasn't hurt himself.
And the kite is out of the tree!
Hurray!
Mummy... Now that We are all muddy,
can We jump in the puddle?
I suppose so. After all,
you can't get any muddier...
And I think Daddy Pig is going
to be doing the Washing...
Oh!
Peppa and George love jumping
up and down in muddy puddles!
Mummy and Daddy love jumping
up and down in muddy puddles.
Everyone loves jumping
up and down in muddy puddles!
Jumping up and down in muddy puddles
is just as much fun as flying the kite!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.